[Music]
my name
is marco narros i am the commander of
the free navy
with the opening of the alien gates we
are at the crossroads no longer
will belters be persecuted with this
attack we will show our oppressors a
stink thing never
thought possible the future of the boat
has begun
nothing's ever gonna change you gotta
stop focusing on the end of the world
you've got a ship of your own a good
crew
someone who loves you and you love
you're not responsible for the world
why are you going back to earth i have
personal business in baltimore
this place ashford's ship i never
thought i'd actually find it
we have an opa informant this is your
son
i chartered a freighter bound for palace
i have to go
find phillip i was always
waiting for you to turn up this world is
messed up
float to the top or sink to the bottom
everything in the middle is a churn i
have information that inaros intends to
attack
civilian targets i don't know if it's a
single huge conspiracy
but someone high up in the chain of
command is in on it this is not my fight
marco has millions of their tears
if we go toe-to-toe with him we could
lose
you have committed the entire belt to
war with the inners
they wanted to fight we'll give her one
it's time to take the roster out for a
hunt
do your stuff fly boy
marco silas accomplished what a century
of leaders have promised
he's gonna unite a hundred separate
factions
into one nation
it's time to let the system know
who we are
you